hey guys I'm back with the review for
this photon here it is by style house
and this is from vanity planet calm it
was sent to me for review a lot of you
guys may have seen this on my Instagram
I'm ready and I also did an updated
haircare routine
showing you guys how I use this better
and showing you guys my results so I'm
just coming in with a quick review on
the flat iron so this is it here of
course I picked this pretty pink zebra
flat iron because this is so pretty then
you also have other colors on the
website like purple black cheetah and
they have like this blue and white or
like turquoise and white marble flat
iron that's another option that's really
really pretty flattering came inside
this black pink and white box and when
you slide it open you're flat on the
beat and the inside of the box along
with the instructions I'm just to kind
of tell you more about the planner so
this right on here itself is one and a
quarter inch plates but these are
ceramic plates with negative ions the
heat is distributed even throughout the
hair it helps you to get smooth sleek
results and if you guys go back to my
hair routine video you guys will see
that my hair was extremely sleek and
shiny so the results kind of speak for
itself and another cool thing about the
place are that they're considered
floating plates and I find that it's
easy to curl your hair when the plates
move from side to side so I thought that
was a really unique and cool feature of
this Flatiron the only thing I don't
care for is that it doesn't have like
the digital LCD screen that showed you
exactly what temperature you are and if
you're used to flattering your hair to
be kind of easy for you to tell what
temperature it is the lowest temperature
on this bed iron starts at 1:40 and it
goes all the way to 450 degrees so I'm
sure this will work for all hair types
from fine to coarse hair which I have
the flower itself is super lightweight
I've never probably with handling a flat
iron and the tips of it doesn't get
super duper hot I love that just
flattering he's a really really fan
finally only takes 10 seconds to heat up
which is really good because some flat
irons you have to wait a little bit
longer like a minute or so for it to
heat up and this heats up in 10 seconds
which is amazing the court itself is soo
to prolong the cord it's like extremely
long which is the plus because I like to
move around when I'm sat on my hair
sometimes I like the dance and just have
fun with it
also I has a swivel cord the on/off
switch is located in the inside of the
Flatiron which is good because I don't
have to worry about accidentally hitting
it while I'm playing out of my hair my
hair did stay straight for like two
weeks and I just pretty much curled my
hair today it's because I'm getting
ready to wash my hair in a few days so I
wanted to get another style out and I
only fed on my hair on 370 or 390 again
it doesn't have like the digital LCD
screen so I can't give you exact but
somewhere between 375 and 390 ish is
what I flat out my hair on for my hair
texture you need a much higher heat so I
didn't expect my hair to get SuperDuper
straight but for the temperature that I
had it on my hair was straight enough
for me considering I was out in the rain
I went to Dave & Buster's I'm not like
the type of person that just sit there
and act all prissy like I can't have fun
because of my hair no I was out there
balling like on the courts and my hair
still was straight when the boxes says
get salon results at home with the style
house one and a quarter inch
professional styling iron a hundred
percent ceramic plates and infrared a
quick heat technology helps protect your
hair at the roots and lock in moisture
to produce the silky glossy and magical
style you never thought were possible
innovative floating place and even
temperature distribution transforms all
hair types into the perfect curls
voluminous waves and sleek for his
freestyle you would only expect from a
salon so that just says it all and on
everything that I ran is true this flat
iron works amazing you guys if you don't
believe me you can go to my hair care
routine video and check it out see the
results and yeah that is pretty much
about it for the flat iron I have a
discount code for you guys if you are
looking into purchasing a new flat iron
because this flat iron itself is one
hundred and ninety nine dollars and
ninety nine states I believe so
basically two hundred bucks and I know
that's kind of steep but I
you have a coupon Cole because I love
you guys so you guys will save 18% off
yes
80% off this pattern is a professional
flat-ironing you can get it for $39
which is amazing if you guys are looking
into purchasing a new flat iron go ahead
and check out van be planet.com
the brand of this again is style house
and yeah that is it guys so I'm going to
leave the website down below as well as
the direct link to this better just in
case you guys I just want to go straight
to it and a discount : and check out and
bam so thank you guys so much for
watching this video I'll talk to you
guys